Instructions

How to use the program:

    1. On the menu bar there's two options "Game" and "About".

       1.1 Game:
            1.1.1 You restart the game by pressing "New Game".
            1.1.2 You can toggle between different settings
                  by pressing "Settings".
            1.1.3 If you don't know how to play, press "Help".
            1.1.4 You can quit by pressing "Exit".

       1.2 About:
            1.2.1 "Credits" tells the basic details about the
                  creator - such as name, student id, course, email.
            1.2.2. "Instructions" opens this "README.txt" in a
                  separate frame in a easily readable format.

    2. Settings window.

       2.1 "Difficulties" frame contains the options from beginner to
           more advanced.
       2.2 "Settings" frame holds all the other available options
           that are available in the game.
       2.3 Save and Cancel
            2.3.1 Save option is bound to the key Enter and it writes
                  selected options into "settings.txt".

                  If errors occur:
                      - All the settings will be set back to default
                        and popup will inform the user.

            2.3.2 Cancel will destroy the window and no changes
                  will happen

    3. The game itself.

       3.1 Information text which starts as "Press any tile to start
           the game.", encourages and explains information about the
           flags and whether the game is won or lost.
       3.2 "Timer" will start to count the seconds after the game has
           been started - aka any tile has been pressed.
       3.3 Grid of buttons can result in two different outcomes:

           1. "Victory" popup will appear asking whether player wants
              to start a new game or not. If not, the buttons will
              disable.

           2. "Defeat" popup will appear if at any point player hits
              a mine. Again player can choose whether to start a new
              game the same way as in "Victory" outcome.

       3.4 "Flag mode" in the downright corner is a checkbox that
           enables or disables the button flagging.

           2.4.1 Flagging means changing the visual appearance of
                 the clicked button to "f" instead of an empty
                 string and vice versa.

       3.5 "Flags remaining" tells the player how many possible flags
           he/she can place at that given moment. It's equivalent to
           the number of mines in the field.


How to add new features:

    To add new features, we'll just need to add them into "GameData"
    class's attribute dict.
    To add new difficulties we also need to update the "mode"
    attribute for mine and grid details.


*NOTES*
Please do not modify the "settings.txt" file at any point. The only
way to affect the game is via "Options" within the software.

If the "settings.txt" is removed or is missing at launch or when
saving options the software will create a new text file with
the default settings.

*BUGS*
-During each game launch the way buttons are constructed in the
 software, the grid might seem lagging and leaking some details about
 the game grid. Might depend on user's computer.
-If you drag the Software window outside the display - there's some
 error with rendering of some list of buttons. May cause some rows of
 buttons completely disappearing and revealing data about the board.